no cost no mercy on the field of battle
knowledge is the ultimate weapon as one
of the world's most elite soldiers Intel
is a vital component of your mission the
Recon class commands the latest and
greatest in weaponry and information
technology to improve your effectiveness
in a field of battle recon class
soldiers can be equipped with one of two
different weapons that make them a
serious threat veneer or a farm for
eliminating threats at a distance sniper
rifles are deadly inaccurate for more
immediate dangers submachine guns to
make short work of your enemies to
perform your duties as a recon soldier
stealth is essential recons are tasked
with informing teammates of enemy
positions and controlling favorable
ground on the battlefield to ensure
these goals are achieved recons are
equipped with one of two highly advanced
technologies
with the Oracle digital interrogation
technology recons can scan the
battlefield 4 enemies and highlight
their location for their teammates even
if their enemies are hidden behind
buildings as you advance your Oracle
becomes more powerful allowing you to
increase scan range and the amount of
time your enemies remain highlighted
active camouflage technology renders
recons almost completely invisible
allowing them to move in battle
undetected as they fly her out the new
to their enemies as you level up so does
your technology soon you'll be able to
stay cloaked for longer recons can
choose between two team abilities that
provide invaluable information on enemy
positions to you and your team gunfire
triangulation provides you with an
extraordinary tactical advantage letting
you see the origin then we've got a
pocket can relate that information back
to your team alternatively with movement
detection recons can locate and share
the position of fast-moving enemies
those hidden behind walls and even
around
giving you a leg up on any and all
enemies the strategic and skill to the
point
nakhon soldier gives the enemy nowhere
to hide
you